Clarified stac_extensions (#1078)
radiantearth/stac-spec: catalog-spec/catalog-spec.md

#### stac_extensions

A list of extensions the Catalog implements.
The list consists of URLs to JSON Schema files that can be used for validation.
This list must only contain extensions that extend the Catalog specification itself,
see the the 'Scope' for each of the extensions.

> This must **not** declare the extensions that are only implemented in child Collection or Items.

Author: And I guess it should also be plural for Collection?!

```suggestion
This must **not** declare the extensions that are only implemented in child Collections or Items.
```

> This must **not** declare the extensions that are only implemented in child Collection or Items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This must **not** declare the extensions that are only implemented in child Collection objects or child Item objects.
```

> This must **not** declare the extensions that are only implemented in child Collection or Items.

Reviewer: Ah, good point. This is ambiguous in English -- I think it's best just to make it explicit. I just submitted another change to do that.
